Update start course button (#30)
skills/template-template: README.md

## How to start this course

<!-- For TBD-generate, run in JavaScript:
'https://github.com/new?' + new URLSearchParams({
  template_owner: 'TBD-organization',
  template_name: 'TBD-course-name',
  owner: '@me',
  name: 'TBD-organization-TBD-course-name',
  description: 'My clone repository',
  visibility: 'public',
}).toString()
-->

[![start-course](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1221423/235727646-4a590299-ffe5-480d-8cd5-8194ea184546.svg)](TBD-generate)

1. Right-click **Start course** and open the link in a new tab.

> 2. In the new tab, follow the prompts to create a new repository. For owner, we recommend your personal account.

Author: > For owner, we recommend your personal account.

For now `@me` isn't functional, but it hopefully will be in the coming weeks.

Reviewer: Do we mention Actions minutes anywhere else? If not, we might want to move that note elsewhere so folks aren't surprised. 

Also, @heiskr can you share context on not recommending an org anymore?

```suggestion
2. In the new tab, follow the prompts to create a new public repository. For owner, choose your personal account or an organization to host the repository.
```

Author: I removed the public bit since it autopopulates with the query string input. We can keep the org part, though once `@me` starts working I was thinking we'd remove that sentence as well to reduce the load.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we mention Actions minutes anywhere, either, so definitely agree with adding that back.

## How to start this course

<!-- For start course, run in JavaScript:
'https://github.com/new?' + new URLSearchParams({
  template_owner: 'TBD-organization',
  template_name: 'TBD-course-name',
  owner: '@me',
  name: 'TBD-organization-TBD-course-name',
  description: 'My clone repository',
  visibility: 'public',
}).toString()
-->

[![start-course](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1221423/235727646-4a590299-ffe5-480d-8cd5-8194ea184546.svg)](TBD-generate)

1. Right-click **Start course** and open the link in a new tab.
2. In the new tab, follow the prompts to create a new repository.
   - For owner, choose your personal account or an organization to host the repository.
   - We recommend creating a public repository—private repositories will [use Actions minutes](https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-actions/about-billing-for-github-actions).

>    - Press the **Create repository** button at the bottom of the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Click the **Create repository** button at the bottom of the form.
```
Updating from "press" to "click" in line with the [style guide](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/content-style-guide.md#buttons).
